Coding-standards - 

	1. Commenting and documentation
	2. Consistent Indentation 
		- e.g we write a format for indentation in package.json 

	3. Avoid obvious comments
	4. Code grouping
	 
	 * Importing a module within the required block
	 	- Reduces unnecessary memory usage
	 	- Enhances code grouping 

	 * Types of casing

	5. Consistent naming scheme

	6. DRY(Don’t repeat yourself) Principle


	7. Avoid deep nesting

	8. File and folder Organization

	9. Consistent Temporary names

	10. Capitalize SQL special words

	11. Separation of code and data

	12. Use meaningful names for variables and functions

	13. Avoid using magic numbers

	14. Code refactoring




Folder structure 

	1. husky --> run before pushing
	2. config
	3. constants
	4. consumers    

	5. Controllers

	6. Middlewares


	7. Helper function - 
		The function which is used frequently within a service to avoid cyclic dependency which can arouse on using a service wthin another service.
		It includes the business logic only.

	8. middlewares

	9. models

	10. routes

	11. migrations

	12. serializers --> used to transoform data according to specified response ex- change casing (snake case to pascel etc...)
		* Serialization: Serialization is the process of converting a data structure, such as JavaScript object or array, 
			into a format that can be easily stored.

		* Deserialization: is the opposite process of Serialization. It converts data in its serialized format into its original data structure


	13. services - main logic -> services can call other services however helpers can not call services.

	14. sheets --> data and excel sheets

	15. swagger - create api docs


	16. templates --> ejs templates

	17. tests --> contains test

	18. utils - used to write third party code.
		* Any function for third party service 
		* Any function which is common to several other services

	19. validators

	20.	schedulers --> contains files to perform cron jobs

		



	

* Migrations is a CLI tool to 



task -
1. Read about eslint, prettier, ecmascript
2. Explore swagger
3. Package.json vs packagelock.json
4. Sequalize ORM - An ORM for SQL related dbs.



task2 - 
1. Deep dive in sql vs nosql
2. Types of databases in redis
3. Deisgn Principles
4. SOLID Principles
5. Indexing in dbms


Read -
Migration
Sequalize
Crone jobs execute 
.yaml file
swagger
serializer - process of converting a data format like object to array to any desirable format
zod gui
nest
b-tree


Swagger is more focused on collaborative API design and documentation 
Swagger does not provide automation for testin we use plugins to write test cases. 
Eslint acts as bug catcher and prttier acts as a formatter. 



* Why do we need to write migration when we have models?
	- Migration files are one time executable files.
	- We need not to write migration files if auto-sync flag is passed true with models but that is inefficient, 
	  the most efficient way is to use migration files.
	- Using migration over auto-sync provides options for customization
	- The executed migration files are saved within sequalizemeta  
	- To append a table structure using migration
		~ when it does not have any data we can drop the table by migration down and then re create the table by using migration up.
		~ when it has data we create a new migration file for the new field.






Postman has a builtin API monitoring system 










